I mean people like to disrespect my
truth but the fact is that you know my
name is I don't know you I'm gonna start
by reading you a short passage from a
New York Times article and I choose this
article partly because it is unusually
well written China's leaders confront an
unlikely foe ardent young communists who
I Joe of China they were exactly what
China's best universities were supposed
to produce young men and women steeped
in the ideology of the Chinese Communist
Party here we have a photograph of the
students sharing an apartment an
apartment that rented just have a space
to help organize their struggle for
labor unions and workers rights and
here's a somewhat confused and confusing
photo of the police in communist China
showing up to shut that down the caption
reads on August 24th the police raided
the apartment the young activists and
workers were sharing in hueco crushing
their campaign for workers rights these
are young people who became sincere
communists just as the system was
encouraging them to do and for that
reason inexorably and inevitably they
became enemies of the system what the
system really wants our silent
conformists people who will not question
whoever's in charge not people who will
actually read and understand the lessons
of history being presented them in the
textbooks not people who will ask
obvious questions there's the one pose
in the the sign being held up in this
protest this is basically asking why
doesn't the government support the
factory workers instead of corrupt
government officials um that's the sort
of question you dare not ask so we'll
come back to this but there's an update
on this article is an even more more
recent article this one is January 21st
2019 and it is obviously following this
same group of university students as the
Chinese government forced them to make
confessions on videotape interrogated
them
put them in prison and it's really even
too flattering the situation to say they
were put in prison in the parlance of
our times we would just say they
disappeared their locations are unknown
they never got a trial they never get a
lawyer it's observed that in the
videotaped confessions they seem thin
and tired and seem to be reading from a
script'
you know the same type of punishment and
repression that the communist government
uses against anti communists they also
use against Pro coffee mists that's the
fundamental point here the same type of
repression used against people who were
actually part of for example the the
Tiananmen Square protests or their
pro-democracy movements of the democracy
wall movement people who want freedom of
speech democracy liberty or capitalism
or Parliament or what they're going to
say those people are oppressed the same
way sincere believers in karl marx of
repressed and that is itself really the
ultimate indictment of communism that's
the ultimate proof that communism is a
filled ideology both in theory and in
practice now what do I mean if you go to
Saudi Arabia everyone knows what the
government ideology is and if you
sincerely believe in and practice the
government ideology of Saudi Arabia
which is a certain form of Wahhabi Islam
following a certain political career and
so on and so forth if you followed the
rules and you check all the boxes you're
in and you're safe and you could be self
confident in China nobody is ever safe
nobody is self confident people who are
themselves members of the Communist
elite for example university professors
who I knew face-to-face they live in
constant fear you can never conform
enough any other repressive regime you
want a name China is worse I mean that
sincerely and China is worse because
communism is worse
China is a country where only one man
has freedom and today that man is
President Xi Jinping so I continue
reading from this article they the
students read Marx Lenin and Mao and
form student groups to discuss the
progress of socialism they investigated
the treatment of the campus proletariat
including janitors cooks and
construction workers they volunteered to
help struggling rural families and
dutifully recited the slogans of
presidency Jinping then after graduation
they attempted to put the party's stated
ideals into action converging from
across China last month on wage Oh a
city in the south to organized labor
unions at nearby factories and staged
protests demanding greater protections
for workers now again I made the
comparison already to Saudi Arabia if
you are a citizen of Saudi Arabia and
you try to put the ruling party's ideals
into actions you'll be embraced and
accepted by the party it's very
straightforward plenty of people do if
you conform and keep up that let me ask
Canada or the United States or even
England what would it even mean for
young people to get inspired and get
together and try to take the party's
ideals and put them into action whether
you think of the Liberal Party or the
Democrat Party or the Republican Party
or the conservative party any mainstream
party it actually becomes observed at a
much earlier stage because these parties
don't really represent any ideals of
whole by the way I have I have Bernie
Sanders book on my desk at this moment
I'm gonna make some videos talking about
the air SATs ideologies that Bernie
Sanders presents to the new generation
which you know for better enforce as
advantage the disadvantages that might
be an interesting exception but for the
most part in the West we've gotten used
to our political parties representing
absolutely nothing other than a culture
of complain
whether the complaint is that taxes are
too high and you want lower taxes it's
the Republican Party or the complaint is
you know you want free education for
universal free University or something
like this like Bernie Sanders is
offering or better health care whatever
the case might be um but yes you know
the Communist Party of China represents
an ideology it represents an economic
theory it represents a philosophy the
economic theory has been debunked the
philosophy has proven to be murderous
and disastrous the ideology became the
laughingstock of the whole world back
around 1989 to 1995 that was really I
think the lowest point for communism and
I am old enough to remember 1989 through
1995 1997 I was in University and every
day there were communist organizations
handing out magazines and leaflets and
propaganda on campus I didn't see for my
generation I didn't see Hari Krishna's
doing that you know like I didn't see
like religious cult groups doing that
maybe once in a while Jehovah's
Witnesses you see them on the streets so
no but even and 1997 they were a
complete laughing still you know and
they were still out there still trying
still trying to build the future that
they inhabit today the authorities move
quickly to crush the efforts of the
young activists detaining several dozen
of them and scrubbing the Internet of
their calls for justice but not before
their example became a rallying cry for
young people across the country unhappy
with growing inequality corruption and
materialism in Chinese society quote you
are the backbone of the working class
close quote the protesters chanted at
one rally addressing workers at an
equipment Factory we share your honor
and your disgrace
I got email from a longtime viewer the
channel a young man who has been
influenced by this channel to get more
involved with the Democratic
parliamentary political process he's
trying to make the world a better place
as best he can and he found to his
horror that the party he started
supporting in Ireland which is a new
party called people before profits the
candidate in his writing the candidate
in his County was openly calling for the
abolition of capitalism and invoking the
name of Karl Marx now I thought about
whether or not I should take the time on
camera here to actually read through the
emails sent back and forth between these
people because he sent me the emails
which is quite appropriate in this case
this is a public figure this is someone
standing for election being questioned
like you know a member of his own party
who canceled his membership over this
but way though you know why the question
that was put to him was why do you still
invoke the name of Karl Marx why do you
rely on the authority in the philosophy
of Marxism given that Marxism is linked
to the deaths of millions of people
given that it's such a terrible failure
so on and so forth but I think maybe the
most important thing of all is to zoom
out and look at the big picture here he
comments this is him writing to me not
to his member Parliament he said I
wanted to know about Irish politics and
get involved but now I'm even more
disillusioned and I haven't a clue who
to vote for in future elections this is
the kind of ultimate outcome of the
revival of communism and I'd say it
would be the same with various parties
that have revived fascism and neo Nazism
what they tend to rely on what this
politician relied on is the blanket
claim that communism and Marxism
specifically are ideals that cannot be
impeached by the world of real empirical
experience he says as his excuse here
he claims that communism has never
actually been tried that it's never
existed in the real world whenever you
offer this kind of justification of all
Vics pause and ask yourself if you'd
accept that from the other side would
you accept the neo-nazi party that made
the same excuse and said well Nancy ISM
was never really tried it was never
implemented it's an ideal it's not so in
the system and therefore Nazism isn't
discredited by the real-world experience
of what happens when the Nazis were
power no no you would not um would you
accept that even from liberals purveyors
of liberalism would you accept them
saying you oh well really a liberal
economy has never existed because the
liberal economy is something that's
ideal and here's the definition the deal
so there's never been a perfectly
liberal economy or it's like that no
obviously communist judge the real
history of capitalism and liberalism and
Nazism from the reality of what happened
in the real world when those ideologies
were put into practice
and yes it's painful for me to behold
this you know Irish politician again
he's not a famous or powerful person
he's a small example from a small county
in a small country and it's you know it
just happens to be someone who wrote in
to me complaining of the local
politician who's clutching at communist
propaganda and telling this young man
who joined his party and volunteer with
the party he tells the joke man oh no no
in order to understand Karl Marx you
should look up these communist
propaganda sources and actually took a
minute to Google some of them are
uniquely Irish communists profit sources
but it's again it's just as sad and sick
as if I'm how would you accept this from
a neo-nazi would you accept a neo-nazi
you says no no you can't understand the
real history of fascism by reading these
objective sources they're all propaganda
just read this source written by our
side written by some extremists written
by some partisan that's the real truth
unlike the
and if I never rolls you wouldn't find
it credible whether it was the neo-nazis
of the Liberals or anyone else
presenting this to you so communists are
far left wingers you have to yet we
wanted to to examine yourself in this
light what is the final outcome of all
this in China you've just seen when
people try to sincerely practice
communism they are shut down and snuffed
out by the Communist Party itself and
it's an absurd irony that in a Western
parliamentary democracy like Ireland in
pluralistic capitalist countries that
really believe in freedom of speech we
protect your right to propound and
debate communism in a way that Communist
Party ruled countries do not so we live
in Taiwan most of the time homework back
up right now in Taiwan the the
Communists have more freedom than they
have in communist China so you weren't
homogeneous and for why eating a lot
Shinjuku da da da Vinci Melissa's been
with me you've seen this although
they're small and number there were
literally communist protesters
pro-communist protesters on the streets
in Taiwan exercising democratic freedom
and privilege that they would not have
in communist China even though Taiwan is
at all times on the knife's edge of
being conquered by Congress journey even
though they really do have to deal with
subterfuge and you know spies frankly
coming over from Garmin's Tran
despite that the principle of democracy
of freedom of speech and pluralism is so
important that they protect that right
even for communists and with the in
communist countries they do not not even
for sincere young university students
who want to put those ideals into
practice who want to do things like
helping
poor in downtrodden factory workers the
ultimate price for this illusion is
precisely the disillusionment it brings
everyone who would possibly be worth
participating in politics with I think
that was a poorly structured sentence
the point is this these ideologies they
are going to attract and solicit
conformity from some of the stupidest
and most vile people in the whole world
and I speak from experience because many
members of my own family were devoted
passionate communists their whole lives
long they never out of it they never
stopped making excuses for the massacres
and Tiananmen Square and the massacres
in Tibet they never grew out of it they
never let go of those excuses not even
after the Berlin Wall fell on it for
them it never ends and that is every bit
as pathetic as growing up around
neo-nazis of keep making excuses for
fraid of Hitler it really is it's no
better I've seen that and those people
are still out there
and those people some of them they don't
even know who they are yet but they're
gonna see something that appeals to them
in this simple solution that's proposed
for complicated problems when I was
living in a communist country Laos I was
being questioned by my girlfriend at the
time who was low shouldn't grow up in
laws she was asking me what it was my
parents found appealing about communism
because of course for her country
communism has just been a disaster
everyone everyone just it's just a
crummy system of government and Laos I
mean it hasn't been a disaster the way
Cambodia was as a minute a bit disasters
where Russia was but nevertheless it's a
long term slow burn disaster everyone
there knows they'd be better off
government more like Japan for example
in whatever terms they think of that she
said what what was it that your parents
found so appealing about communism and I
said to her you know what has a lot to
do with Vietnam there's a lot to do with
Laos as well do with this country from
my parents generation they grew up with
so much hatred against the United States
of America that all they cared about
finding in communism was an ugly fist
that threatened the power threatened the
agenda of the USA and they would believe
in and support any ideology that just
offered to put a stop to to put some
kind of threat or counterbalance against
the United States of America I said I
think for them that was the first step
that's the first motivation within a
course it's not the last step they take
it further and further from there and
there are people who have that same kind
of hatred in their hearts today and I
think it mostly is hatred against
American imperialism whether that's
because they've they've seen film
footage of people being you know burned
to a crisp in Iraq or Afghanistan
whatever the war is in our times that
you know breaks their heart and turns
them against you know the the never
ending wars that sustain American
hegemony whether it's in you know the
Middle East or South America or what
have you so for many people still today
that is the first step so there are
going to be those people who buy into
the illusion with whatever mixes
motivations and keep on clinging to it
forever and ever and ever but as I said
before my poorly structured sentence the
real cost of this illusion precious
though it may be to those people some of
the worst people in the world the real
cost is the disillusionment of those for
precisely the most
of inclusion in the democratic process
and he wind up like this young man
feeling that they don't know where to go
they don't know who they can talk to
they don't know who to trust after they
got involved with mainstream
parliamentary politics and found out
that a seemingly sincere quote-unquote
Socialist Party and pursued the same
objectives as Bernie Sanders really was
a front for Marxism really for communist
I mean really people like to disrespect
my truth but the fact is that you know
my name is I don't know